and triglycerides are usually associated with
cholesterol however they are not the same
are the fats present in
food or those produced by the body
due to the excessive accumulation of
carbohydrates just like cholesterol
can be controlled and should be avoided
certain foods the alcohol should be
avoided even though red wines
can lower bad cholesterol and
increase the cholesterol good hdl
Unfortunately, the
triglycerides sugar comes in many
forms is obviously present in
food loaded with sugar like
sweet candies baked goods
soda and ice cream however there
others that also have high levels
of sugar, such as preserves of
fruit cereal granola bars and
ketchup it's important to read the
labels carbohydrates
they provide energy to the body but the
simple refined as the white bread the
peace
white rice and cookies do not
offer no nutritional value prevents
high-content foods
fats like chips sauces cream
butter duck and bacon opts for the most
healthy that contain fats
monounsaturated nuts like avocados
sesame and olive and salmon oils
although seafood is surprising
have an elevated level of triglycerides
eating fish is healthy but you should avoid
consume shrimp lobster clams
Processed foods are considered
empty calories since they have a level
high in trans fat and sugar treats
to eat real foods and avoid
consume any food whose
unknown ingredients